### Riley's half hearted attempt at a bibliography:





About | ai-jobs.net
https://ai-jobs.net/about/

Data Science Salaries 2024
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sazidthe1/data-science-salaries?resource=download

About the Indicators API Documentation – World Bank Data Help Desk
https://datahelpdesk.worldbank.org/knowledgebase/articles/889392-about-the-indicators-api-documentation

api.worldbank.org/v2/sources
https://api.worldbank.org/v2/sources

API Basic Call Structures – World Bank Data Help Desk
https://datahelpdesk.worldbank.org/knowledgebase/articles/898581-api-basic-call-structures

New Features and Enhancements in the V2 API – World Bank Data Help Desk
https://datahelpdesk.worldbank.org/knowledgebase/articles/1886674-new-features-and-enhancements-in-the-v2-api

Indicators | Data
https://data.worldbank.org/indicator

GDP per capita (current US$) | Data
https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD?view=chart

api.worldbank.org/v2/country/us?format=json
https://api.worldbank.org/v2/country/us?format=json

api.worldbank.org/v2/country/us/indicator/SP.POP.TOTL?date=2022&format=json
https://api.worldbank.org/v2/country/us/indicator/SP.POP.TOTL?date=2022&format=json

api.worldbank.org/v2/country/us/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD?date=2022&format=json
https://api.worldbank.org/v2/country/us/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD?date=2022&format=json

api.worldbank.org/v2/country/us?date=2022&format=json
https://api.worldbank.org/v2/country/us?date=2022&format=json

World Development Indicators | DataBank
https://databank.worldbank.org/source/world-development-indicators

How can I get dictionary key as variable directly in Python (not by searching from value)? - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3545331/how-can-i-get-dictionary-key-as-variable-directly-in-python-not-by-searching-fr

GDP per capita (current US$) | Data
https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD?view=chart

High-technology exports (% of manufactured exports) | Data
https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/TX.VAL.TECH.MF.ZS?view=chart

pandas.DataFrame.to_csv — pandas 2.2.0 documentation
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.to_csv.html

pandas.DataFrame.from_dict — pandas 2.2.0 documentation
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.from_dict.html

ValueError: Mixing Dicts with Non-Series May Lead to Ambiguous Ordering - Python Clear
https://www.pythonclear.com/errors/valueerror-mixing-dicts-with-non-series-may-lead-to-ambiguous-ordering/#:~:text=to%20Ambiguous%20Ordering%E2%80%9D%3F-,The%20%E2%80%9CValueError%3A%20Mixing%20Dicts%20with%20Non%2DSeries%20May%20Lead,dictionaries%20and%20non%2DSeries%20data.

Python Program to convert List of Integer to List of String - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-program-to-convert-list-of-integer-to-list-of-string/

Replace None with NaN in pandas dataframe - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23743460/replace-none-with-nan-in-pandas-dataframe

Convert Python list to pandas Series - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/21646791/convert-python-list-to-pandas-series

python - AttributeError: 'numpy.int64' object has no attribute 'startswith' - Stack Overflow
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30334428/attributeerror-numpy-int64-object-has-no-attribute-startswith

Merge Two Lists in Python - GeeksforGeeks
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-ways-to-concatenate-two-lists/

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 - Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2

api.worldbank.org/v2/country/je
https://api.worldbank.org/v2/country/je

pandas.DataFrame.merge — pandas 2.2.0 documentation
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.merge.html

ChatGPT
https://chat.openai.com/

scipy.stats.linregress — SciPy v1.12.0 Manual
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.stats.linregress.html



